PLAT-134020: Use sandstone as default template (#77)
enactjs/dev-utils: CHANGELOG.md

# unreleased

> * Set default theme config to sandstone in `option-parser` and `SnapshotPlugin` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set default theme config to `sandstone` in `option-parser`.
* `SnapshotPlugin`: Added `sandstone` support for clearing resource bundle.
```
